October 25, 2024 for tutorials
2016 for Github

1. Paste the console output you saved at the end of step 3.C (2 points)

    On branch master
    Your branch is up to date with 'origin/master'.

    nothing to commit, working tree clean


2. How many commits have been done to the repository (not only by you, but by anyone) so far? Write the git command you used to get this information (4 points)

    git log. 7 commits. I combined adding the answers and status file into one commit

3. When was the README.md  file modified last? Write the git command you used to get this information (4 points)

    Wed Sep 25 18:33:08 2019 -0400
    git log -1 -- README.md

4. Mention two reasons why branches are used in a Git repository (4 points)

    Parallel development and code review

5. What is the difference between git log and git status? (4 points)

    git log lists the commit history.
    git status is the current state of the working directory and staging area.

6. What command would you use to see the commits where “Vehicle.h” was one of the committed files? (4 points)

    git log -- Vehicle.h

7. What command would you use to see the commits whose commit message contains the word “file”? (4 points)

    git log --grep="file"


8. In the context of object-oriented programming (I) What is inheritance? (II) What is  
polymorphism? (III) What is encapsulation? (6 points)

    I.   Inheritance allows a class to inherit methods and attributes from a parent 
         class
    II.  Polymorphism is when an object can take on different forms or behaviors    
         depending on the context.
    III. Encapsulation restricting direct access to some of the object's methods and 
         attributes. Setting components to private or protected.


9.  What is the main difference between the “Dictator and Lieutenants” workflow and the “Integration manager” workflow? (5 points)

The main difference is that the Integration managers merge contributions into the main branch. Where as the Dictator is the only authority that can push to the main branch

10. How would a team of 100 developers benefit from following the “Dictator and Lieutenants” workflow instead of the “Centralized” workflow? (5 points)

The “Dictator and Lieutenants” workflow works for larger organizations because it breaks up the the centralized workflow. Breaking things up creates a better separation of concerns, easier code reviews, and lessens the chances of merge conflicts.